# CS-370

This project uses machine learning to train an AI agent to traverse through an environment. This is created for a game where a pirate is trying to reach a treasure before the player can. I was given the code for how the game worked. That being the TreasureMaze.py file and the GameExperience.py file. I was also given part of the code for the ipybn file in Jupyter Notebook. I contributed the code for the Deep=Q learning algorithm which the pirate uses to learn how to traverse the maze.

Learning about machine learning and how it is applied in today’s world has been eye opening. As a computer scientist we can utilize these algorithms to train agents to perform tasks more efficiently than humans. Usually, we code the steps for how to solve a problem but with AI and machine learning we give the agent the goal and have it train itself how to accomplish the task. This is almost the reverse of how we code programs but can be very effective at solving certain problems. 

 AI brings several ethical issues along with it. The first fear people have of AI is that it will replace jobs in the workforce. This would cause people to lose the ability to earn the financial means to provide for themselves. Another ethical issue is that biases can be introduced in AI agents because of the data we use to teach the agent. The first step to countering these and other ethical issues surrounding AI is to understand they exist. We can then take steps to make sure that we counteract these problems. I would argue that this is our responsibility as those bringing this technology to society.
